test: add comprehensive test suites for backend and frontend (#16)
nyanham/morning-routine-productivity: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- Add comments when logic is non-obvious
- Explain intent, not implementation details

---

## AWS / Serverless Guidelines

### Architecture

- Prefer managed services and serverless patterns
- Keep functions stateless
- Design for failure and retries

### Security

- Never hardcode secrets or credentials
- Use environment variables and secret managers
- Apply least-privilege IAM policies

### Performance & Cost

- Avoid unnecessary network calls
- Be mindful of cold starts and execution time
- Prefer simple and predictable resource usage

### Observability

- Add meaningful logs and metrics when relevant
- Log identifiers, not sensitive data

---

## Writing & Communication Tone

- Be calm, respectful, and empathetic
- Assume good intentions from future readers
- Avoid blame-oriented or dismissive language
- Prefer “we” over “you” when writing comments or docs
- Write as a supportive teammate, not a critic

---

## When Unsure

- Choose the simplest reasonable solution
- Add a comment explaining assumptions
- Leave a TODO with clear context if something is uncertain
- Do not guess silently

---

## Final Reminder

Code quality, documentation, and kindness are equally important.

> If a trade-off is required, explain it clearl

Author: ```suggestion
If a trade-off is required, explain it clearly and respectfully.
```
